From Hansel minutes.com in
Tansel minutes, a weekly discussion
with web developer and technologists.
Scott Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan
announcing show number two 18
recorded live Saturday, June 19th, 2010. Support
for Hanselman. This is provided
by teller rad controls, the
most comprehensive suite of components
for windows forms and asp.net
web applications. online@wwwdottelerik.com. In this
episode, it's got talks with
media personality and be thirsty.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman,
and this is another episode
of Hansel minutes and I'm
here in beautiful and incredibly
hot Washington, D C inside
the convention center. And I'm
talking with the inimitable Barrett
Tuneday Thirstin from, and we're
bragging Rob Brown right now.
It's VR. We're at the
blogging conference and you're the
web editor at, at the
onion at America's finest news
source. Our trusted news comes
from the onion. Yes. And
you do stand up and
you write books and you're,
you're a personality. I am,
I am me without me.
I'm here at this conference
cause I helped start a
blog called Jack and Jill
politics, black political blog. I've
hosted a TV show in
the science channel, all about
the future of science and
tech. I do stand up
regularly and I'm writing a
book called how to be
black, how to be flat
important guidebook. Okay. And is
this, this is for primarily
white people. This is for
everybody black people and those
who love them. So that's
excludes maybe Glenn Beck rush Limbaugh.
I'm not sure, but it's
a big market. Okay. And
are there any initial tips
that our listenership worldwide listenership
could hear? You know, our
friends in Cairo and our
friends at Dubai who want
to be black, what they
can do, your global audience
one is to understand that
you're going to be called
on, to be a spokesperson
for the race at some
point, and how you prepare
for that. It's very important.
So you've got to have
a track suit as well
as a business suit that
you keep available at all
times. Okay. Find cameras and
speak into the microphones around
them. Even if you're not
invited, it's very, very important
that you always be speaking
and have video and audio
evidence of that speaker would
be cell phone cameras or
anything at this day and
age that we'll do a
big professional camera helps and
have some claim to Martin
Luther King, jr. Even if
you just like read a
book or saw a rally
on CV, if you have
some dotted line between you
and that figure in the
civil rights movement, it really
improves your odds of being
taken seriously. You know, speaking
of walking around with a
camera, when do you think
the first time that a
cop is going to hit
a black person and we're
going to have like seven
20 P high quality flipped
video of that HD Rodney
case? When is the HD
Rodney King and a half?
Because for my iPhone four,
you think the iPhone four
is the beginning of our
first, you know, AGD police
brutality. As I tell you,
the cop in Seattle hit
those girls and you know,
nobody should hit anybody, but
I couldn't see anything. I
don't even know What was
going on in that picture.
JPEG, you know, I'm very,
very blocky, very low. So
we need higher resolution in
our, you know, civil servant
abuse. Yeah. I think I'd
probably want to just wear
an HD live stream and
do the whole justin.tv thing.
Go 3d. If you're going
to go that far, get
a multi-camera shoot, have people
around you to get at
least two angles on the,
on the person Or maybe
like a matrix rail, you
know, when it actually happens,
I can move in three
days Time, you know, in
your, in your abuse situation,
this is important stuff. It's
crucial. Yeah. Okay. So tracksuit
Always be talking to camera
and then always represent a,
be there to represent the
entire race as an individual.
When you speak, you're representing
The whole of Brown folks.
Yeah. There's like this sort
of like always be closing
and Glen Gary, Glen Ross
has always be representing in
terms of being black. Like
even when you think you're
not on camera and not
on a mic, you are,
and you're speaking for everybody
Now. What about the, what
about these white people who
say that they have a
black card, like John Mayer declared
that he had a ghetto
pass. Yeah. And then other
ignorant things after that to
justify it Because he's not
the only white person to
have done. We're certainly entering
a very fluid cultural time,
especially with more media out
there. I mean, on behalf
representing the entire white race,
I'm thinking for all white.
Yeah. Yes. And you're just
being happy. We have a
tendency to do that. You
know, like the, you know,
well, let me tell you
about my black friend. Right?
I have this, I have
this black friend. There's a
chapter called how to be
the black friend, but I'm
actually really writing right now.
I'll be sure to include,
you know, some of this
perspective. Thank you. Do why
do black people need white
friends? Yeah. I guess if
you want access to certain
areas of society like cabs,
it helps, you know, mortgages
at a reasonable rate. Yeah.
I think we all need
actually honestly need friends of
different races. It helps all
that wonderful stuff. But yeah.
Now I noticed in a
meeting that you and I
were at an unknown location
that a, a very nice
white gentleman in power, I
felt turned on his black
scent. And I wasn't sure.
I was like, well, you
know, I looked on Wikipedia,
he's from Connecticut. I was
like, really? Okay. I guess
that's how they talk in
Connecticut. And then he said,
I'm just going to keep
it real for y'all. And
I said, Oh, he just
turned on the black center.
Now I don't know about
you, but race not withstanding.
I can't talk to an
Irishman. You know, I had
an Irish neighbor and I'm
in, you know, he's like,
Hey Scott, how's it going?
I'm like, Oh, I'll make
a spaceship and fly away
with my lucky charm. Like,
Whoa, I didn't even know
where that came from. I
mean, you know, I just
can't talk to an Irish
person without doing that. So
I don't think it's a
race thing necessarily, but I
mean, do you find It
is a cultural phenomenon that
is more unique to black
people because so much of
black culture has become American
culture. You look at jazz
music, rock and roll. Hip
hop music is a very
powerful example. Food's a very
powerful example. And language is
a very powerful example in
part because of music. So
mainstream news anchors say, keep
it real, use the word
dis give shout outs on
the today show. And it's
really awkward, but they're not
claiming blackness. They're just claiming
coolness because so much of
blackness has become cool in
the eyes of so many
in part because of music.
But when did being white
become uncool, I mean, I
feel bad about all the
bad white stuff that my
ancestors did to y'all, but
Please say to you people,
I think it's better when
you say, Do you, people
are your people Oh, much
better. Yeah. You and yours,
your people. But, but honestly,
I don't think I can
accept the white guilt, but
accept the white uncool. Right.
Wow. This is okay. So
you're going to have to
write a book on how
to be white and then
we'll do a companion edition.
Would you buy both? I
think it would just be
appendix a of, of your
book. Alright. I mean more
than happy to write the
forward. That could be how
to be white. That's funny.
That's funny. Do you think,
do you think that black
people have a white scent?
Like the white, white accent?
I definitely, I mean, depends
on what your educational background.
I mean, there's certainly a
satirical comedic black scent that
you hear some comics do.
It's more nasal and high
pitched and more clipped. I'm
not really sure where that
came from. I don't think
white people talk like that
at all. Most white people
don't talk like that, but
you know, if you've gone,
like I belong to a
lot of private education later.
My life has certainly changed
the way I talk. Just
the people I associate with.
Yeah. On purpose. I mean,
you're not thinking about you
don't wake up and say,
I think I've talked white
today. Maybe I should. Can
I get a big Mac
please? Yeah. It's more of
like a natural, like white
voice on demand is going
to happen. So you're working
in like a professional conference
room, business meeting, conference call
type situation. It's going to
be different from sort of
hanging out at the bar
with your friends truly. And
that's true for everyone, For
everybody, no matter what color
they are. Exactly. The same
Black people are. No, we
stretch more because of the
different worlds and how different
some of those worlds are
in general. Right. Oh, that's
an interesting thing. Do you
think that black people either
have, or are required to
have more elasticity of personality
than white people? This is
where, you know, you hear
this phrase white privilege. We're
talking about race now. Oh,
I didn't mean to go
there and we only seven
minutes into it. But part
of the Genesis of that
is the idea that race
is an unconscious aspect of
most white people's personality, where
blackness is a very conscious
aspect of most black people's
lives and personnel. You're constantly
reminded of your blackness through
certain areas of society. Right.
And historically speaking, you had
one way of talking to
those who really had absolute
power and could use it
to crush you and your
people, and then another voice
around those who were life.
Right? Exactly. So that has
maintained today to a large
degree, with a lot of
black people. Whereas white people
could always just more or
less be themselves relative to
the space that black people
are allowed to be themselves.
We all have a professional
personal line. Right. It'll all
necessarily have like an in
race group out of race
group line. Right. Right. And,
and, and that, there's always
this, the juxtaposition between black
generational pain and white guilt.
And of course it is
generally believed that white generational
pain has more legitimacy. Then
the generational pain, like you're
born and already, you have
the weight of 400 years
of slavery on you. You
know? And it's like, you,
you could, you could be
born, go to a private
school and go straight to
Harvard and skip anything, nothing
back, no one follows, no
one shoplift, you know, no
one follows you thinking you're
going to shoplift. Right. You
aren't, you still get to
claim generational pain. Got it.
Yeah. Know what I'm saying?
No, there there's, it's, it's
become part of for black
Americans, you know, it's become
part of your cultural identity
and that is passed on
him in some senses. It's
because at any moment there's
still this fear and certain
reality that these things can
be taken from you. Or
you can be reminded that
yeah, you're very successful, but
I could pull you over
for no particular reason and
you'd have this doubt in
your head. Right. And that
in itself, it legitimizes that
any power that you may
have developed, and then whenever
someone famous, like skip Gates,
Robert who skates got, you
know, had a little situation
where someone thought he was
breaking into his own house,
right. It's like, no matter
how, how high up you
get in the halls of
power or the halls of
academia, we can still treat
you like we didn't have
it. I think one of
the more fun parts of,
of race is that there
is a legitimate possibility of
some of these things happening.
There's also this sort of
corrosive power of self doubt
as a black person, when
you're just like wondering, like,
did that person look at
me funny? Cause I'm black
because I smell bad. Right?
Like why did this thing
happen to me? And you
have so much history pointing
to, you know, reason, X,
but you're never sure. So
is this the doubting of
yourself? It may not have
been a race related at
all, but you're never quite
sure. And so that also
leads us some fun abuse
situations on your part where
you just blame race for
everything. That's obviously You say
that because my wife and
I, my, my wife is
black wife and I have
this kind of thing where,
you know, if something goes
wrong, someone cuts us off
and we get racism. The
man will not let me
have that parking spot. You
know, why can't we do
that? I have fun with
race and racism. It will
eat you alive. Do you
think that white guilt, the
notion of white guilt is
a legitimate thing? I mean,
our, our, our young, this
was not young, necessarily young
trustafarians right. You know, like,
you know, young kids with
dreadlocks and a trust fund
that are out there, you
just get white liberal privilege,
but this is just the
general idea of like, Hey
man, it wasn't me. I
didn't, you know, I wasn't
running the ice cream shop,
but you guys had the
Senate. I think the phrase
white guilt has been around
for quite some time. It's
worn. And I don't know
if it's very useful is
in as much as the
phrase post racial is also
a pretty useless, that's going
to real old what I'd
love to see. And I
think about this whenever I
have these kind of questions
about trying to see from
another perspective, it's like, okay,
I'm a dude, what is
my relationship to women's rights
and feminism and the things
that happen on the other
side of the line that
I'm not on, on the,
so what is my responsibility
to fight sexism? Or, Or
does it already any line,
any line that I'm not
on that side. So, and,
and that really came to
me when I was at
a very longterm relationship and
my girlfriend, she was feeling
quite uncomfortable about walking somewhere
at night. And I was
like, what was why? She
said, well, I didn't feel
safe. I never don't feel
safe. I'm physically fit. I
have, you know, not too
imposing figure. I know how
to walk in different types
of streets. I, I don't
fear for my public safety
ever. And that is a
privilege of my maleness that
I don't have to think
about. And that it's a
privilege that I don't have
to think about it. So
for me to be more
sensitive, to, and cognizant of,
you know, concerns of women,
I have to actively make
it a part of my
life and think about it
and not just not be
bad. So on the white
side of this and the
whole white guilt thing, it's
not so much about feeling
guilty about things. Some of
your ancestors may have done
to some of my hands.
My people came from Scotland.
I did not come over
with me, Varied history that
gets going to blend it
in, in white. But you
know, it's like, well, what
do, what are, what am
I benefiting from? Or what
do I not have to
think about? Yeah, it has,
I'm white than other people
might. And how do I
then live a little bit
more cautiously, knowing that That's
really interesting. My wife has
made those similar comments. Cause
you know, I was like,
yeah, I was in New York
and I walked from Midtown
up to Washington Heights and
it was great walk Can't
believe you did that. You
just have no. And you
put it in such an
eloquent way. I just can't
conceive of a world where
I couldn't walk anywhere. I've
walked in, you know, all
these major cities in the
world, they didn't give it
a thought. Right. And then
on the way back, like
what's going back from Cairo.
And I met a woman
in Europe who was going
the other direction and I
felt, I found myself unconsciously
kind of thing. You're traveling
alone. Is that a really
good idea? Yeah. She shouldn't
go backpacking to Cairo by
herself. And then I realized
that I was going to
being sexist against her just
by applying that it was
not. Yeah. Yeah. That's amazing.
You got to laugh about
this stuff where you will
be eaten alive. Yeah. Speaking
of last or what exactly
do you do at the
end? So my title there
is web editor. My job
there, I like to think
of it as sort of
a grid I'm responsible for
all of the sort of
digital expressions of the onion.
I think of an X
axis, which has our website,
our mobile site, our mobile
apps on iPhone and Android
tablet apps coming down the
line or tablet experiences. If
they're not apps, social media.
And it's probably something else
I'm forgetting right now. And
then on the Y axis
is think of all the
editorial production we do. We
have the onion newspaper, we
have onion, radio news and
your news network video. We're
working with two television shows.
We've got live event series.
We have books that we
publish, like our dumb century
and our dumb world. There's
the big Atlas then fill
in that matrix with things
with the audience, with sales,
with, you know, the, the
work that we do. Satirically,
it's my job to help
think about how are we
represented on an E reader?
And what does that product
look like? What is X,
what does the onion tweet?
Who does the onion follow
on Twitter? The answer, no
one, but that's a conscious
choice to say consistent with
all that we've done over
the past 20 to 300
years, depending on how old
you think we are. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman from
another parallel universe. Gotta tell
you about some of our
things our sponsors are doing.
They make this free podcast
possible. If you're developing a
new line of business application,
you've probably tried the latest
version of server light. Now
you can get even better
results by combining the functionality
and Silverlight for beta with
some of the richness or
the third party controls from
our friends at Tellerik. They're
the first vendors to offer
native support for the server
Lite for beta and their
rad controls. You've got a
new Silverlight for CTP suite
of these controls. They let
you tap into the frameworks,
great potential. You got native
right mouse click and all
the new features, the server
line there's 38 controls that
give you all these features.
You can start building those
compelling line of business applications
right away. I encourage you
to check those products out
at tellerik.com/silverlight and you know,
thank Tellerik for supporting Don
and rock supporting Hansel minutes
on their Facebook fan page
at facebook.com/tellerik. Now back to
the show. So that's the,
that's the Voice of the
digital onion. Yeah. Yeah. I
like that. I like that.
The voice of the digital
life that you can have
that, thank you. I got
that for free. Is there
a voice of the onion?
Is there like a secret
person that we don't know
about or is it, is
it true Elective mind? That's
the beauty of it? You
know, when it's the latter,
I joined the onion in
November of Oh seven, just
shortly after moving to New York
for the express purpose of
doing more creative things. I
worked for eight years strategy
consulting around telecom and media
and the future of the
web. Probably we're gonna mix
and match and make media
for big companies. And I
do my solo thing on
stage creatively. And it's all
about me. I do stand
up, set up as a
very egotistical field, right? And
that it does take a
certain medicine perspective. My life,
you should be shutting up
and listening and laughing to
what I have to say
about me. The onion is
the very opposite sort of
creative environment. There are no
by-lines at the union and
the ones that are there
are false. It very much
is kind of like the
world of improv comedy in
that it's a group effort.
And so the collective is
represented and that's what you
joined. And I sort of
relish the opportunity actually to
be on a team. I
love myself. I think I'm
pretty cool, but I like
a lot also being a
part of something that's much
bigger than any one person
could be. So the onion
sort of quote, unquote newspaper
has a chief and editor.
The onion video department has
the head writer and I
had the director, but everything
you see as a result
of, you know, dozens of
people being involved in that
process and rejecting a lot
of bad ideas or just
okay. Ideas to only leave
the truly best ones that
are possible. And is it
remote or do you guys
work in an office? We
worked together in an office.
So our tech team is
scattered and we have a
live IRC channel that everybody
kind of reports to as
the office every day. Yeah.
But the writers are the
full time writers are in
New York and meet on a
regular basis. We have a
field of contributors who work
remotely and send things in
shorter form that's for the
headline generation and that kind
of short, you know, comedic
generation, but for the long
pieces, that is an in
the room, Mexican. So that's
an organic thing. It's a
pitch. I mean, and you're
acting it out and there's
probably pantomime and jumping up
and down or, I mean,
there's different processes for video
and for the credibility, This
paper content, newspaper concept, Beautiful
day here in Washington, D
C Right. We're in the
city starts off on a
Monday morning with, you know,
500 to a thousand headlines
that have been pitched by
the full time and contributing
staff and a smaller group
of full time. People goes
through that and calls that
list down to about a
hundred. That means that a
lot of funny things are
not being said, that's right,
Because you want to, there's
a lot of reasons for
rejection. One, one of the
primary ones is that it's
not funny. Okay. And a
group of people deciding what's
funny is a very high
bar. You have to make
everybody in that room be
in agreement. So sensibility, you
know, that's a tough line.
Also things that have been
said before, That's my question.
What if someone just had
a memory, a sense memory.
They did. They thought they
thought they came up with
something completely unique. Yeah. But
we did that a year
ago. We that we don't
do it again. How do
you know that they used
to count on the collective
to figure it out. Okay.
There is a, I mean,
we still have people who
write for the union who
have been there since almost
it started. It started in
1988 at university of Wisconsin
and Madison as a campus
paper is 22 years old.
I think the oldest staff
writers, we have probably joined
around 90. So they've been
around since the beginning. So
there's that rare memory. But
we also have a search
engine that we have an
onion search engine that was
just on our website. And
where are you going to
go tell the being people
to watch out because they
don't need search engines. Our
search engine would wreak havoc
on the world in a
good way. Not a bad
idea. Now I noticed you
yesterday wandering around with an
iPad. And you said tablet,
experiences just now, but you
kind of corrected yourself. Yeah.
You're imagining what a tablet
experience with that. The reason
I corrected myself is I'm
a little worried from a
consumer or let's call them
citizens or people. There's another
word for them. Other than
consumer, that we haven't washed
them users, losers. What have
you and producers and coders
that the amplify, the application
of our internet experiences is
somewhat troubling. It's expensive. It
doesn't scale. And you end
up having to customize so
much that you it's difficult
to apply learning from one
space to another. Whereas we
have this thing called the
internet, which is Why would
you want an onion app
and not simply a custom
site they can bookmark, right?
Yeah. I mean, there is
a financial reason to do
that. You know, people have
shown a willingness to pay
for apps in a way
that is not as easily,
you know, replicated on the
web itself. But you're, you're,
you're saying that because The
great unwashed we'll pay 99 cents
to get effectively an RSS
reader that says the onion,
rather than simply going add
to homescreen and clicking on
it, that we will take
their money. I mean, w
we'll take people's money just
because we'll take their money.
But in terms of, I
think what w why you
also used the word experience,
because it's not supposed to
be just an RSS reader
and on any tablet. Now
you can go to our
website. It looks pretty good.
I mean, it looks great
on the iPad that I
haven't seen a Chrome tablet
yet, but I'm sure it'll
look pretty good there too.
The real question is how
do you take advantage of
the unique properties of this,
these new devices? They have
gyroscopes in them. You can
touch them. The screens are
larger than a foam, but
smaller than a computer, which
has this weird, lovely bones
in between space and not
quite alive. It's to charisma
for the lovely bones tie
in. I must say Peter Jackson
is no math. Yeah. So
there are, there are some
fun things you could imagine
that an iPhone can't do
and that a computer, a
full on laptop or desktop
can't do that. A tablet
might offer you. And so
we, haven't made a full
decision on how we're going
to approach that, but I
can tell you that the
idea of using the internet,
you know, HTML five and
CSS three, and the latest
of those standards to create
a compelling reading and viewing
and listening experience is great.
And then maybe there'll be
apps around some truly Unique
experiences. Okay. Gaming experience something
else, but just reading the
onion is probably not something
that we're going to keep
putting inside of apps and
trying to charge for, because
that's expensive Us on the
expensiveness is the thing that
bothers me the most is
that this explosion of screen
sizes, I mean, I just
got a 30 inch screen.
Yeah. And now everyone's back
designing for 1,024. Again, this
is just, you know, eight
more sites that I need
to No, I mean, it's
hard enough trying to support
E and to have to
apologize, go, and not all
versions, but you know, six
months. Yeah. I'm working on
it. Yeah. Good. I'm working
nine is going to be
pretty high. Good. Yeah. I
like, I like things that
are pretty high. Oh, a
black center. And we just
holding it down, back into
, but the amount of
work that's involved, are we
in an, are we at
an end point right now?
Or are we in an
inter intermediate, we in a
lovely bones place in between
the big screen and the
small screen? Cause it seems
like CSS at three and
HTML five might make it.
So we could scale sites
with one set of markup.
I think we were Popular
to think. And maybe to
say that we're in this
transition, I think we're actually
in a permanent transition as
far as technology's effect on
pretty much everything we do.
I want to talk about,
you know, designing experiences for
screens or visual access, because
it's not just going to
be screens where the contacts
are coming, the heads up
display, augmented reality glasses are
coming and that's going to
be a whole nother. Yeah.
And where the hell is
my Jetpack. Yeah. I dunno.
I don't, I don't actually
want that with a liability.
The traffic jams in the
air, like this is not
a good look. So that's
the, if you see how
much trouble we're going to
have, and you look at
the resources that companies have,
the individuals have to try
to explore these most don't
most people, aren't the New York
times with an R and
D department to try to
push the envelope. If you're
a blogger, like people tell
me this conference, there's gotta
be a better, more standard
way for these things to
scale. And you were saying
that you recently outsourced your
tech stuff anyway, cause you
were getting overwhelmed. I mean,
you're a content producer. Yeah.
And I mean, I've done
that in two ways. So
in Jack and Jill politics,
I used to be the
tech dude for that blog.
I did the WordPress install.
I did the finding of
the host. I did the
discus install plugins, and I'm
just not reliable enough. I
can't get that call or
that email at three in
the morning. Cause I'm doing
too many other things. I'm
a bad choice. So we
found somebody who was better
than me who wanted to
be able to play. And
he's working with us in
my personal site bear today.com.
I used to host that
and manage that. And WordPress,
again, I went to Squarespace
because it's just easier to
CMS and hosting all and
you know, design kind of
all in one. Right? And
that allows me to focus
on the content, which is
my core. I still want
to keep a toe in
tech just cause I thought
I'll become too stupid. But
I also know that not
a programmer, that's not my
core competency. So as long
as I say, smarter than
the people I'm around that,
don't do tech. There's some
value in that. And as
long as I still talk
to tech, people there's value
in that, but I'm not
going to be this tech
Ninja ever again, those days
are over. Do you think
that the app store model
is going to going to
scale? I mean, right now
it's a mess. It's not
Microsoft. Apple always runs around
saying we have X number
of thousand, hundreds of thousands
and you know, and the
windows phone seven's coming out
and we're going to have
an app store and we're
going to have an app
store. I can't find a
thing on the app store.
They are horrible Places. I
mean, I'm a big Apple
fan and I hate Apple
as much as I love
them. And one of the
reasons I hate them more
than say a Microsoft who
I've been a fan and
a critic of as well,
more critic because that's the
fun thing to do is
that Apple pretends to have
this flawless standard, they put,
they see themselves as condescendingly,
better than everything else that's
out there. So when they
have a bad experience, that's
worse because they've said they
only create perfect experiences in
the app store. There is
no way to sort apps
by user ratings. That must
be by thought. I mean
they think these things out,
don't they? Why would you
hide that? They collect user
ratings. I want to find
the most popular highest. Yeah.
That's because the app store
owners know that as soon
as it goes down to
four stars, it's over, it's
over everything that you've worked
on. It's like these poor
video game guys that worked
for 18 months on some
games, but they pour their
lives into it. And then
they get that 7.9 from
X-Box masons. It's not going
to happen for you. Sorry,
go home goodbye. Try again.
Or bet you it's pressure
from the app. The fact
that you have to go
to a store to begin
with is a very frustrating
expose on Android. You can
provide a, this fancy thing
it's called a URL, Really
universal resource locator Magical. And
what happens is you post
that like in an email
newsletter that you have to
maybe hundreds of thousands. Yeah.
So like maybe anywhere the
hell you want to, You
can put it on this
other place. It's called the
internet really? And then people
click on it and they
can access the content, click
on it. And the URL
you connect the user end
consumer directly to the publisher.
That's a model that we
should try to replicate it.
You don't need an additional
layer of software to get
there. We should replicate that
except we should centralize everything.
And then maybe take 30%
just for, just for the,
Oh, you'll create the separate.
Yeah. Some kind of a,
like a mall. No, I
was like, I think it's
like more of a story.
More of a story. Yeah.
Yeah. So those types of
things are frustrating and I
kind of want, and I
know they do these things
for a reason. They have
a particular vision, but there's
a certain anal retentiveness to
some of this that is
an unproductive for consumers, for
publishers, for developers as well.
And the uncertainty around it,
you know, creates a weird
market. Well, these are people's
lives. I mean, you always
hear about the app developer
who got their app yanked
or the app has been
in the store for nine
weeks or something like that.
And you have to build
it before it's project. You
said that you, you think
they have a vision, but
for most companies like for
like GE there's a company,
I don't know anything about
I'll bet you that their
vision is stockholder value make
a buttload of money. Yeah.
Is Apple's goal to make
a buttload of money or
is it like to build
Skynet? I mean, are they,
they must have something that's
beyond money that they're trying
to do. Probably Google's closer
to Skynet. Yeah. They have
kind of a messianic thing
or we're all a part
of it. We're all Skynet.
Actually. That's the beauty of
it. You are Skynet yours.
You're right. It's going to
be, you know, the apocalypse
will be crowdsourced. Yeah, absolutely.
I like that. You're like,
I'm going to do that.
I give that talk. I
actually, I sit here first,
so you can't steal it.
No, I will cite it.
He will sign and link
back. That's true. Apple's vision.
You know, obviously they were
wondering the business of making
money, but they also have
a peculiar experience that they're
going for. And you can
see it in the types
of apps that get rejected.
You can see there's no
porn in the store. That
is a cleanliness that, that
they aspire to in their
design and in what they
allow and disallow that is,
you know, a bit nannyish
I think condescending was the
word you went for that
I really liked because it
is a sense that yeah,
Trust me. One of my
more popular early YouTube videos
it's called, I hate the
smugness of Apple because I
was, I had a major
failure trying to install their
software. And the response that
I got from the other
built in triggers in the
software assumed I'm an idiot,
the message boards I went
to to ask for help.
Oh, all those people support
for, I assumed I was
an idiot and I'm like,
no, I know how to
use a computer. I've been
doing this since I was
six. So this is not
me. It's you? Like, you're
the problem in the relationship.
Right? And then in the
midst of this, I saw
one of those. I get
a Mac commercials and go
back, I'm a PC. You
max, just work. I'm like
this, isn't just working. And
so the crowd reaction was
very full of zealotry. Very
much like speaking out against
Allah or Muhammad and finding
the reaction to that from
other cultures. So that's what
I felt from the Apple
crowd. I had a fun
time, Two things that reminds
me of, I was at
the Apple store a couple
of a couple of months
ago and it was packed
and they were the economy's
in the toilet. And they
did announce that the unemployment
numbers were over 10. Yeah.
And I mentioned the young
Apple, you know, hippie chick
that worked there. This really
is, you guys are so
packed and she's like, yeah,
it's recession proof. Yep. The
perf the profundity of that,
it just hit me like
a slap in the face.
I mean, she was like,
cause she just said it's
recession-proof and I just heard,
you know, the lemmings will
buy anything from us. Do
it. It was pretty amazing.
I'll be selling gym. And
then as far as people
thinking that you're an idiot,
we were working on this
thing, me and my minions,
the Hansel minions. Nice. Thank
you. It's the tech support
handshake. Okay. Okay. This is
like when you call tech
support and yeah, No, no,
no, no, no. I can
see. Yeah. Has been, so
the idea has been, is
the code word. Okay. And
you just don't tell anybody
except tech support and smart
people. So you call in
and say, Hey, go ahead
and click on the start
and  alright, check your
IP address. You want to
give us the DHCP? And
then There's been moment recently
I have  service. I
will never move unless I
can get that because I'm
35 down and up. I
can like really do things
on the internet. Now I
called up, there was a
major problem. One site was
inaccessible and I did all
kinds of tests and I
called up and I just
it's something I said about,
I think it was the
way I said the word
router. Like, I don't know.
They were just, something was
like, Oh, this guy knows
things. I can talk to
him like an adult now.
And we can have a
productive, you know, company, customer
experience. Yeah. We laughed. And
we joked about pinging. This
is great. Did you guys
go out for cappuccino? That's
beautiful. We're going to meet
up in second life later.
Yeah. Thank you so much
for taking the time to
meet me here. And it's
been a pleasure to meet
you. And I hope that
It's been a pleasure to
be a part of Hansel
minutes and hopefully will be
a Hansel minion Zune. I
like should be like a
big right wing radio host
with these code names. You
have followers Hansel minutes. You
should buy gold. Gold is
yeah. And water purification. Absolutely.
Yeah. All right. Well, this
has been another episode of
Hansel minutes and we'll see
you again next week.